update with multitargeting and deps.json info (#5270)
dotnet/samples: msbuild/custom-task-code-generation/README.md

</Project>
```

#### Mark dependencies as private

The dependencies of your MSBuild task must be packaged inside the package; they cannot be expressed as normal package references. The package won't expose any regular dependencies to external users. This takes two steps to accomplish: marking your assemblies as private and actually embedding them in the generated package. For this example, we'll assume that your task depends on `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` to work, so add a `PackageReference` to `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` at version `6.0.0`.

```xml
<ItemGroup>
   <PackageReference
      Include="Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core"
      Version="17.0.0" />
   <PackageReference
      Include="Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection"
      Version="6.0.0" />
</ItemGroup>
```

> Now, mark every dependency of this Task project, both `PackageReference` and `ProjectReference` with the `PrivateAssets="all"` attribute. This will tell NuGet not to expose these dependencies to consuming projects at all. You can read more about controlling dependency assets [at the NuGet documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#controlling-dependency-assets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, mark every dependency of this Task project, both `PackageReference` and `ProjectReference`, with the `PrivateAssets="all"` attribute. This tells NuGet not to expose these dependencies to consuming projects at all. You can read more about controlling dependency assets [in the NuGet documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files#controlling-dependency-assets).
```

        <DebugType>embedded</DebugType>
        <IsPackable>true</IsPackable>
    </PropertyGroup>

    <ItemGroup>
      <PackageReference
        Include="Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core"
        Version="17.0.0"
        PrivateAssets="all" />
      <PackageReference
        Include="Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection"
        Version="6.0.0"
        PrivateAssets="all" />
    </ItemGroup>

    <ItemGroup>
        <!-- These lines pack the build props/targets files to the `build` folder in the generated package.
         By convention, the .NET SDK will look for build\<Package Id>.props and build\<Package Id>.targets
         for automatic inclusion in the build. -->
        <Content Include="build\AppSettingStronglyTyped.props" PackagePath="build\" />
        <Content Include="build\AppSettingStronglyTyped.targets" PackagePath="build\" />
    </ItemGroup>

    <Target Name="CopyProjectReferencesToPackage" DependsOnTargets="ResolveReferences">
        <ItemGroup>
            <!-- The dependencies of your MSBuild task must be packaged inside the package, they cannot be expressed as normal PackageReferences -->

>             <!--example: <BuildOutputInPackage Include="$(PkgFParsec)/lib/netstandard2.0/FParsecCS.dll" />-->

Reviewer 2: in this README, as well as in the csproj for the app-settings task, the `CopyProjectReferencesToPackage` target is missing the line that actually copies the PackageReference's runtime assets into the package. That line is:

```xml
<BuildOutputInPackage
      Include="@(ReferenceCopyLocalPaths)"
      TargetPath="%(ReferenceCopyLocalPaths.DestinationSubPath)" />
```
